Who dares to hit my dog?
Liu Huan, what do you think?
Make people's internal strength so luxurious
Longtou Feng, I got it back.
Now take over the Chen family members
Chen Lishan
When am I?
You still want to be in the family
You're in big trouble, you know?
Why don't you kneel down for me?
Dying because of you
The Jiang family hired three wizards
Maybe we Chen Jiaquan are your fault
The Chen family is really lost by you inside
The absence of a few grandmasters will scare you like this
From now on
The Chen family is inside, I'll fight
Humph
speak out
Three great masters
Just one guru can bloodbath a famous family
Besides, can you stop the three grandmasters working together?
What's more, their power is intricate
How do you fight?